Hahahaha
This young master is the number one genius in the capital
The soldier of Ruyan girl entering the wood must be oops
You did a good job holding your breath, didn't you?
It should be able to blow like this.
Young Master Yang Lin, take it easy
Our Oiran Auction Contest begins
The starting price is 5,000 taels.
The top three can enter the despised environment of literary talent
5,000 taels is so expensive.
I'm going bankrupt
I also want a catty of the girl's recipe
I pay 10,000 taels
I pay twenty thousand taels
A bunch of poor people have no money with me
I 30,000 two
30,000 one tael
Biesan actually only adds one or two.
40,000 two 40,000 and one tael
You are here to find fault, right?
This master has to learn to be careful
50,000 25,000 taels
I 100,000 two
This official's book family is so rich
Can you add it or not?
I won't add it.
Just make it to the top three
So it's poor?
Oops, let's see
Look at this girl like smoke, who is the best
Now the top three are out
Next, the question will be posed by the girl like smoke